Address feedback from Stanislav. (#307)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve: draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve.md

de Woestijne method for any Weierstrass curve of the form given in
{{weierstrass}}.
See {{svdw}} for information on the constants used in this mapping.

> Note that the sign of constant c3 below MUST equal 0. If sgn0(c3) = -1,
> c3 MUST instead be set to -c3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note that the constant c3 below MUST be chosen such that sgn0(c3) = 0.
In other words, if the square-root computation returns a value cx such that
sgn0(cx) = 1, set c3 = -cx; otherwise, set c3 = cx.
```

Reviewer: Is this slightly clearer?

Also, nowadays sgn0 returns only 0 or 1, so I think there was a typo here.

Reviewer 2: it's clear

Author: Yeah, works for me!
